the country's capital is Tanana River or
Tanner as the locals call it and the
place to go if you want to find out
about the islands Natural History is
obviously its Museum it had stuffed
examples of some of the animals I
already knew something about
but I also found a mounted skeleton of
the huge bird that interests me so much
one of the very few that exists so how
tall was the elephant bird not an easy
question to answer because very few
skeletons are totally complete and so
many of the mounted specimens have been
put together with a number of bones from
different specimens and if you get over
enthusiastic maybe it's quite possible
that you stick in one or two extra neck
bones so we can't be sure about the
length of the neck nor can we be sure
about the posture really this one looks
to me rather front-heavy
and it could well be that in life the
animal was more upright in which case it
stood very tall indeed what 10 feet 12
feet that sort of size in order to be
able to reach the leaves of trees on
which it browsed but a more safe
characteristic is weight and you can be
fairly sure the estimate of that and
it's reckoned that the elephant bird
weighed around half a ton
the extinct mowers of New Zealand might
perhaps have been taller but this was
certainly the heaviest bird that ever
existed and of course it was slightest
like an ostrich
you